Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Plugins 4.0.0 (#3878)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1023-0-0-add-dtm-translation-context-to-add-asset-and-subassets-plugins.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Provide application specific translations for text in Add asset and Subassets plugins"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Application-specific string translations in Add asset and Subassets plugins"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-2c7RdTdXo4"
      label: "Improvement"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2515"
version: "1023.0.0"
---

> The text strings in the **Add asset** view and the **Subassets** tab are now scoped to the Digital twin manager application's translation context. This allows users to provide application specific translations without overriding the translations in other applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The text strings in the **Add asset** view and the **Subassets** tab are now scoped to the Digital Twin Manager application's translation context. This allows users to provide application-specific translations without overriding the translations in other applications.
```

---
date: ""

> title: "Add DTM translation context to Add asset and Subassets plugins"

Reviewer: The title states that the translation context has been added, while the text states, that strings that have been added with the translation context did not show the translation. This is confusing.

Reviewer 2: I've modified the content. Please review

> title: "Add DTM translation context to Add asset and Subassets plugins"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "Provide application specific translations for text in Add asset and Subassets plugins"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-2c7RdTdXo4"
      label: "Improvement"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2515"
version: "1023.0.0"
---

> User-defined translation strings added with the DTM translation context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Add asset** view and the **Subassets** tab, user-defined translation strings added with the DTM translation context
```

> previously displayed the original strings in the **Add Asset** view and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
previously displayed the original strings.
```

> were previously displaying the original strings on the **Add Asset** and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
previously displayed the original strings in the **Add Asset** view and
```

> in the **Subassets** tab. With this change, custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this change, custom
```

> **Subassets** pages. With this update, user can now apply custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the **Subassets** tab. With this change, custom
```

> translations for these strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
translations for these strings are now correctly applied.
```

> translations for these strings are now correctly applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The text strings in the **Add asset** view and the **Subassets** tab are now scoped to the Digital twin manager application's translation context. This allows users to provide application specific translations without overriding the translations in other applications.
```
